Account credential change required: indicates that the account identified by the subject was required to change a credential
Action:  Nothing (If the credential will indeed change it will be specified in an CAEP event)

Account Purged: indicates that the account identified by the subject has been permanently deleted
Action: Remove the account from the database(server side) and close all session relative to that account

Account disabled: indicates that the account identified by the subject has been disabled.
Action: Close all session relative to that account, block access until enabled again

Account enabled: indicates that the account identified by the subject has been enabled.
Action: If the access was disabled we remove the block, otherwise nothing

Identifier changed: This event indicates that an email or phone identifier has changed.
Action: Change the id in the database(server side)

Identifier recycled: indicates that an email or phone identifier has been recycled and now belongs to a new user.
Action: Change the id in the database(server side)

Credential compromised: indicates that the identifier specified in the subject was found to be compromised.
Action: Close all open session, block access to that account, send a Credential Change Required

Opt in: indicates that the account identified by the subject opted into RISC event exchanges. 
Action: ?

Opt out intiated: indicates that the account identified by the subject initiated to opt out from RISC event exchanges
Action: Nothing

Opt iut cancelled: indicates that the account identified by the subject cancelled the opt out from RISC event exchanges
Action: Nothing

Opt out effective: indicates that the account identified by the subject was effectively opted out from RISC event exchanges.
Action: Remove from RISC stream (server side)

Recovery activated: indicates that the account identified by the subject activated a recovery flow.
Action: Form to retrive username/password, eventual credential change required.

Recovery information changed: indicates that the account identified by the subject has changed some of its recovery information.
Action: Update recovery information (server side)


